# student-lecturer-evaluation-system
php system

One instrument regularly seen as a basic resource in assessing pedagogical knowledge and vivid learning in different circumstances is through the method of conducting student assessment appraisal of their instructors. Nevertheless, deciding the nature of instructional abilities requires as rationale and unbiased judgments. The concern is that there are no formal techniques or formulas that would prompt accurate responses from the students. In spite of the contention surrounding students’ rating on instructors 
The project UEAB Student-Lecturer Evaluation System enables students to evaluate the teaching performance of their lecturers at the end of each and every semester of the academic session. Only dually registered student is granted access to perform the evaluation properly. With this system, it is expected that if implemented the university management will get feedback from there students on how the lecturers lecture, and the interaction between the students and their lecturers. This web-based, evaluation system will significantly reduce the management work load and improve the overall efficiency.

. The project will covers for only two module (students, administrative i.e. quality assurance, head of department). The administrative module will enable a valid administrator to login and perform the function of creating, and updating needed information. The student module on the other hand will allow a valid user to use his/her username and password to login and handle the evaluation. 
The scope, entail developing a dynamic web application/site using PHP, CSS, HTML,JAVASCRIPT, JQUERY, BOOTSRAP,XAMPP and MYSQL that will be used to store information about students, staff and the entire administrative activities, and any other tools that will be needed to make the work look nice.
 
